Validate api key parameter has credentials type (#1680)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where the **update-release-notes** command crashes with `--help` flag.
* Removed a validation that DBotRole should be set for automation that requires elevated permissions to the `XSOAR-linter` in the **lint** command.
* Fixed an issue in **Validate** command where playbooks conditional tasks were mishandeled.

> * Added a validation to ensure that the type for **API token** (and similar) parameters are configured correctly as a `credential` type in the integration configuration YML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a validation to ensure that the type for **API token** (and similar) parameters are configured correctly as a `credential` type in the integration configuration YML.
```

* Fixed an issue in **validate** in repositories which are not in GitHub or GitLab
* Added a validation that verifies that readme image absolute links do not contain the working branch name.
* Added a validation to ensure reputation command's default argument is set as an array input.

> * Added a validation to verify **API token** parameter in integration configuration is in credential type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a validation to verify that the**API token** parameter for an integration configuration is a known credential type.
```

Reviewer: Please except the changes
